[improve][doc] SEO for Reference (#703)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/reference-terminology.md

id: reference-terminology
title: Pulsar Terminology
sidebar_label: "Terminology"

> description: Get a comprehensive understanding of additional terminology definitions in Pulsar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get a comprehensive understanding of Pulsar terminologies.
```
